README Update from Customer Feedback (#1343)
IBM/FHIR: fhir-persistence-schema/README.md

--db-type postgresql
```

> ## Alternative: Setting upIBM FHIR Servers against a shared DB2 with separate schemas for each customer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Alternative: Setting up a shared Db2 with separate schemas for each tenant
```

For those using multiple schemas for each customer, for instance, customer 2 needs to be separately configured with the database and schema. 

### Create the additional schema

```
java -jar ./fhir-persistence-schema-${VERSION}-cli.jar \ 
--prop-file db2.properties
--create-schemas
--create-schema-batch FHIR_JBATCH_2ND
--create-schema-oauth FHIR_OUATH_2ND
--create-schema-fhir FHIRDATA_2ND
```

### Deploy the additional schema

```
java -jar ./fhir-persistence-schema-${VERSION}-cli.jar \ 
--prop-file db2.properties
--schema-name FHIRDATA
--update-schema-batch FHIR_JBATCH_2ND
--update-schema-oauth FHIR_OUATH_2ND
--update-schema-fhir FHIRDATA_2ND
```

### Grant privileges to data access user
```
java -jar ./fhir-persistence-schema-${VERSION}-cli.jar \ 
--prop-file db2.properties
--grant-to FHIRSERVER
--target BATCH FHIR_JBATCH_2ND
```

```
java -jar ./fhir-persistence-schema-${VERSION}-cli.jar \ 
--prop-file db2.properties
--grant-to FHIRSERVER
--target OAUTH FHIR_OAUTH_2ND
```

```
java -jar ./fhir-persistence-schema-${VERSION}-cli.jar \ 
--prop-file db2.properties
--grant-to FHIRSERVER
--target DATA FHIRDATA_2ND
```

> ## Alternative: Print the Schema

Reviewer: We already have a section on printing the schema near the top (under getting started).  This section should specifically focus on how to apply that manually.

```suggestion
## Alternative: Manually apply the schema
```
